It can often be useful to compare rows to preceding or following rows,
especially if you've got the data in order that makes sense.
In this case, we're going to look at
how much standard paper each account has purchased over all time.
We can see this in our inner query.
Now, let's use LAG and LEAD to create columns that pull values from other rows.
The syntax describes which column to pull
from and how many rows away you'd like to do the pull.
LAG pulls from the previous rows,
and LEAD pulls from the following rows.
As you can see, the first row of the LAG column is null
because there are no previous rows from which to pull.
LAG value of the second column is zero.
It's pulling from the standard sum value in the prior column.
This continues down through the rest of the data set.
The LEAD column goes in the opposite direction.
This can be especially useful for calculating differences between two rows.
You can see that these new columns,
now compare the standard sum to the prior and following rows.
LAG difference shows the difference between the current row and the prior row.
LEAD difference shows the difference between the current row and the next row.